This is Sachin Sivakumar's FBLA Mobile App Development submission: "FBLA Quiz". It is currently version number 2.0.

This is FBLA Quiz, an FBLA trivia app that allows users to test their knowledge of FBLA. It does this in a 
competition-like fashion by allowing players to answer questions while being timed. Questions come in 5 
categories: FBLA Events, FBLA Rules, FBLA Officers, Business Skills, and FBLA Facts.

Installation
To install the file, download fbla-quiz-15be8545226b494892ff2f40e74337eb-signed.apk onto an Android device, 
preferably a phone. This .apk file is found in the same folder as this instructions file. Before running the 
file, go to Settings > Security and enable unknown sources. Run this file to 
install the app. It requires no permissions. If you would prefer installing from a link, go to
https://exp-shell-app-assets.s3.us-west-1.amazonaws.com/android/%40ssk4988/fbla-quiz-15be8545226b494892ff2f40e74337eb-signed.apk
To open the Android Studio project, go to the android-project folder and open the folder named “android” inside.

Navigation
FBLA Quiz’s navigation is simple and easy to understand. However, the Android hardware back button does not 
work so please do not attempt to use it. The FBLA Quiz app also has its own interactive 
instructions guide on how to use the app! View them by clicking the "Instructions" button from the start screen. 
To take a quiz, press the “Take the Quiz” Button on the start screen. To change the settings on this quiz, 
hit the settings icon on the start screen. In the settings, you can change things like how many questions and 
what categories show up on the quiz. In the quiz, press on answer choices to select them, and if you 
get a question wrong the correct answer will be shown. To pause the quiz click the pause icon in the top right 
corner. Once you have finished the test, a few test metrics will be displayed. Here you can choose to share 
your results through a social media platform of your choosing. To view your past results or the leaderboard, 
press the “Quiz History” Button from the start screen. 

Social Media
FBLA Quiz integrates social media by allowing users to share their quiz results through virtually any social 
media platform or form of electronic communication. An example of this is shown in the GUI pdf 
(/GUI-Screenshots.pdf)

Bug Reporting
FBLA Quiz is bug free, but if a bug is found, users can report it by clicking a “bug” icon available on almost 
all of the screens. Clicking this icon takes a screenshot, captures the log file, and sends it to me, the 
developer, in the form of an email where users can provide any additional information about the bug.

Leaderboard
Once users finish their quizzes, these quizzes may show up on the leaderboard depending on their scores. You need
an internet connection for this.
